# Question

When would you want to use `.innerHTML` to create some new html, and when would you want to use `.createElement` and node updates?

# Answer

.innerHTML property can be used to examine current HTML source of page

- including any changes that have been made since initially loaded.
- content insertion - .innerHTML can be used to insert dynamic content such as generated HTML from data or user input into an element.

---

- dynamic content insertion
- template rendering
- rich text editing

.createElement

string that specifies the type of element to be created. nodeName being initialized with the value of tagName.

- Do not use qualified names like "html:a". you should only provide the local name of the element without the namespace prefix. In this case just "a". You do not need to include "parent host" information.

It sounds like .createElements in relation to node updates relate a lot to Dynamically driven actions.

- Dynamically meaning real-time or on-the-fly.

Dynamic forms - based on user input or data

- example : form fields are created or modified in response to user actions or data changes without requiring a full page reload.
- selecting an option from a dropdown menu - leading to additional form fields appearing instead of full page reload.
- like emails message and stuff like password

Interactive UIS

- adding or removing elements in response to user actions like clicks or inputs

Data visualization

- generating charts or graphs dynamically based on data

Single page applications (SPA)

- Encompasses the entire web application such as navigation menus, content panels, and interactive widgets without reloading the entire page.

not just forms - (emails message, password)

# Teacher Feedback

Your response is unclear! Make sure you are answering the question asked. You can break down this question into two parts: 
- When should you use `.innerHTML`? 
- When should you use `.createElement`?

In addition you can talk about some benefits of using one over the other! 

Score: 1/3